and I was in Crimea from February 21 and you know what you are telling me about which law enforcement agencies that went over to the side of the population you are generally talking about the side of the population the population I emphasize not the authorities only Berkut went over the rest of the Ministry of Internal Affairs agencies were under the authority of Kyiv and carried out the orders of Kyiv I am this saw with my own eyes ka m hello Good day and Andrey Popik Yes Popik unexpectedly Okay fine and what do you talk about about the war about the war and what am I from Ukraine city Khmelnitsky And where are you from I am the city of Ivano Ivanovo yes once upon a time there was a city of the bride yes Well it is now yes Only the brides are not the same Yes why And although not if if there are many corpses on your own then in short the city of brides is also new yes Yes no he always had many brides understood about the war and what war what war yes About what war what war I don't know You are talking about war No I asked you what kind of war that somewhere War is going on or that in the world well there are a lot of wars going on in the world I also think yes What kind of war did you want to talk about I don't know at all damn interesting  I really liked your dialogue with this Dmitry, not Donskoy, he's just awesome, like Dude, in short, uh. Do you remember that moment when he said, like, that's what they are - this is Rus' and Ukraine is not Rus'? I say, and when, like, you, like, the capital moved from Kyiv there you in Moscow in Suzdal like Rus' I don't know I don't know and that's it Listen this is actually one of the most excellent dialogues in general in principle Well I mean not you are wrong and not he is wrong everything is right there I am right on my part everything right and everything is shown directly Arey Andrey [music] I think that this was the most-most excellent dialogue in general I just liked the fantasy What will happen to him there they will break through the corridor in short there to Transnistria and then what was it just wonderful in short we talked on June 12th, it's your Independence Day, Russia's Independence Day. It's just wonderful to watch it now, on June 12th. In a year I'll watch it, I'll make a separate video about a year. After the conversation, it'll just be a total bomb.
Well listen I don't know honestly because
what do you want to talk about with me,
not with you Well how can I say
I'm not so much how can I say ssi you
can ask me that I'm not so
replenished as well let's do it this way so that I
don't talk to you  I will be with you And what do you
ask me something interesting Well,
okay, all the Ukrainians say that the
war began, well,
Yes, with the army's hand, but no one can
show where the Russian one was Ami, I can
show super, look, I will be the first
Ukrainian who  will show you
yes look look on the night of February 26-27,
2014 the Russian army began
the occupation of Crimea captured the
Crimean parliament and the airport there was no war
there Wait stop the occupation was an
army well how long was it
in Crimea how long did it live again was
No well how about  once again Russian military
you Wait you could have
denied it last year but your television
even released and how they
captured the parliament and how there were snipers in the
parliament
si Wait your troops your troops
captured the
Crimean parliament No well like at night  from February 26 to 27 they
captured and they were nearby
captured broke into took control of
it and that is to say the department was not
working at that time Correct Well so
they captured the building And all in all there
were no deputies at that time at night there were no
deputies you It was logical  at night I understand
the building the parliament building was captured in
the morning - that was it was look you saw you
saw you in Russia a film has already
been made about it and it was you saw how
Strelkov then that he was in Crimea he
even told later in an interview how
they forcibly gathered deputies  then to
this meeting of shooters Yes Irkin is still in
Crimea And can you show me here is a fragment
there is something like this about Crimea about Crimea he never had
anything like this was now
now now I'll find it now and then
further like Intervention of your Russian
militants
I'll wait for shooters Let's have it
then insert me into the video
yes yes
yes
So now I'll open it here and I'll open it on the
phone right away let's do it
like this I specifically checked or it's not a
fake like I
checked it he was in Starikov's on this
show
and by the way, did you talk to some other
blogger? Now, now, yes,
I just so I don’t get distracted, I don’t remember
his name, something
about history, there were some challenges, no challenges,
you had some, but this one about history, I don’t remember
about history, damn, no  I remember how the blogger
called you to a ses,
what is it
called there, I don't remember, okay, it's not important. Now, in
a second, I'll find it in Telegram, it
was definitely Starikov's. I saved it somewhere,
because everyone seems to be starting to
count down from Slavyansk, but
he still  in Crimea
was well in Crimea was Yes I know yes I said
how now they were gathering
deputies
now so
o
And now I will transfer Why did it happen in
Crimea a second a second because in Crimea there
was
ri Now I will transfer it to myself links in
Telegram and open it on my phone yeah
so so
now
we open And you are recording now yes yes
Stream Why did it work out for Crimea because
in Crimea there were three components of
what happened this is the first the people of Crimea
unanimously supported the reunification went out
on the street the law enforcement agencies of Crimea
fully supported sa Starikov
like the transfer of this fa at to what Russia showed political will on the part of its leadership and little green men appeared on the streets Nikolai you are in the closet as if When I was there on March 16 referee half and I was in Crimea on February 21 and you know what you told me about the law enforcement agencies that went over to the side of the population, you are talking about the side of the population, I emphasize, not the authorities, only Berkut went over, the rest of the Ministry of Internal Affairs agencies were under the authority of Kyiv and carried out Kyiv's orders, I saw it with my own eyes, yes, they carried out reluctantly, yes, they carried out [ __ ], Dato, they continued to obey Kyiv and did not follow the instructions that the new government gave them further I did not see Unfortunately, no support from government bodies in Simferopol where I was specifically located I did not see there was no support from the deputies the militias were gathering to drive them into the hall so that they would accept there Speak I would be from mosquitoes ho militia can i press pause again 10 seconds ago Yeah look i just hear what he said deputies  the militias gathered so that they I
was one of the commanders of these militias
look again listen to drive them
into the hall so that they would accept Unfortunately once
again I did not see any support from the
state authorities in Simferopol where
I was specifically
located there were no deputies the
militias gathered so that they would drive them into
hall so that they would accept what can I
say
Yes I was one of the commanders of these
militias I saw it all from the inside with my
own
eyes that is two of your components
they simply don't work anymore
I am
he is at the debates with this old man Yes I
can Here take it In the tube  vbey girkin
drove the deputies of Crimea Ino
te direct ei
and how many people are watching you 3700
3700 Okay fine I just thought you
record the video and then
post it Okay fine just
watch it It turns out
that he was also girkin fsbshnik from
February 21 That is, if they say that
Yanukovych  there he ran away once even
before Yanukovych was removed Yes, it seems to
work out yes
when he says
What  the deputies of the Crimean Council did not
want to accept anything that their militias
were forcibly gathering them for voting and he
was one of the commanders of these militias
that's all we can talk about there are
statements not for me just you know what the
question is in Crimea at that time lived 2
million people  That's right, and
how much army should there be to How to
say to occupy this entire territory,
and how much army should there be to, for
example, occupy the Kherson region
Yes, without Well, they
occupied, they occupied, they occupied,
what's the difference, look how many people
occupied, there was a huge
military
contingent of yours standing there Crimea Crimea doesn't want to be in
Russia is right Crimeans do not want to be
in Russia but at the same time all How many people
should
occupy again look how many
Kherson did not want to be in Russia How many
people were needed to occupy
what difference does it make You look Now how many
not how many so all your troops were there
so your troops
eh, they drove the deputies, yes, it turns out that
they would accept the fake, in short,
this one was good, they accepted it, but the People
didn’t  wants to live with Russia right
well look again come on so who You
are under occupation you are
under occupation I mean they drove me in
they are under occupation so no
look I am a person who lives in a
house come on so wait so we can
sort this out  yes we record that
Russia has seized all administrative publications in Crimea from 26 to 2 of this
February 2017
Let's
say Let's say Well let's
seize all administrative
I am a Crimean I want to live in Ukraine I don't
want to live in Russia and such A million Well a
million million people  that's why then
well there was nothing because they were afraid they were
afraid of the army Well so what they were afraid of the army And
how much army there should be
to be afraid of it And how much army should there be
to be afraid Well tell me I
was interested Nako I know
25000 sko that's already so that she was afraid for example
that is  here you are you as a person who is a
Simple Simple guy so on or a
simple girl yes without weapons without anything
so what can you
do against whom against the army
Well I can just go out to  rally and say
Like I don't want to live in Russia that's all Well that's it
Well good And what Well what do you mean good
You had Maidan Maidan No look in
Kherson Wait look you're
going to justify now you're going to justify now so
in Crimea there were rallies for Ukraine there were
this rally by the way was bigger than the rally
for Russia Can you watch it So
watch this here no show No
come on you already Find Here watch Damn
I just have a TV there my friend that
is he was there I will
wash the parties parties that if  we
even look at the elections that were in Crimea,
pro-Russian parties always got 1-2% there. Uh-
huh. This is where in Crimea pro-Russian parties
got 1.2%,
in total pro-Russian parties were there, there was Ru,
United, and so on, and what kind of party was there, the
Slavic Union, any non-Slavic
Union, there,
Ru, no  Russian bloc and so on and these,
how did they, they advocated joining
Russia And for example, the Party of Regions
advocated or did not advocate joining
with Russia people voted for it and not for some Russian blocs so No I'm talking about the fact that look, a million people are against Yes, you had a Maidan in Kyiv Wait, wait, do I understand correctly that you now want to justify your seizure of Crimea by that what why people were silent so yes yes yes you justify yes that is Look E Why people didn't want to live in Russia Why why when Hitler captured the land so we won't take Why ri de Why not A why won't we look again look any any territory which is under occupation so there People under involuntary what's the problem Well yes Good And to Poland In how many days did they take What does it have to do with it in how many days did they not take Poland look I still remember days again What does it have to do with it in how many days did they take Poland here is Crimea you and I figured out what Russia seized Crimea Russia forcibly ro strongly wait Russia forcibly drove away deputies Yes of the Crimean Council Yes militants deputies deputies decide something to Wait Yes they decide because they  covered up what seemed
to be their decision that they made
something there They depend listen to the deputies
but people listen to the deputies don't wait
half a million people listen to the deputies again
Look how it was like that that is they
captured the administrative building then the militants
gathered the deputies We just
listened to this This  It wasn't me who said it but the shooters Yes,
they were forced to vote by force, they were
brought in and so on and so on based on this
vote Russia talks about everything like
Crimea expressed a desire and we In short, we're
doing it so well Yes, yes Well, let's
assume, let's assume, but that's how it is and
now look what  those Wait now
we we started with the fact that you tax it turns out
wait No we where did we start Because
you said that But the Ukrainians are all
saying that it started in 2014 yes the
war do you agree That the war started in
2014 with
Russia Well the military  there were no Well, how come there
were no military Come on, um, Russian military
were in Crimea Well, there was no announcement of ato, well,
wait, there were military there was a seizure there was a military
there No, they were in Sevastopol in
Simferopol Their
there was no for example there were never any military in Simferopol in Crimea in Crimea always tell me when in Simferopol your military were in Simferopol not in Sevastopol But in Simferopol then Well they took and left What does it mean they took and left according to the agreement So look at the agreement about the Black Sea Fleet it was clearly stated where they should be based in Crimea. They were supposed to be in Sevastopol. They could only go out with an agreement. Kyiv gave them an agreement so that they could go out to Simferopol and seize something there. And you had a ruler. We had a government. The Supreme Council. there is the Supreme Council come on no one gave you permission it was like that no one gave you permission to leave the test you permission really no everything That is you made an intervention As well as you not Why us yes and where we are in what country we invaded And what country we are in invaded in no way Well, that means we didn't make an intervention you see And you did and look you know if 8 years ago you were still turning up your nose and saying well now well  it's already so stupid to deny all this
so you either just andre
mi look believe the world has stated there are
resolutions of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of
Europe Yes about the fact that you committed aggression
that you captured Well what else in what year I
told you from the very beginning that I am
not with you  I want to communicate because you
know much more than I do
not Donskoy who And I liked the
dialogue because and not about ho Why are you
communicating now then Toda is not so that's what I'm
saying from the very beginning I said Here you
can post this video there you
can't post this one  video I don't
care I'm saying from the very beginning I said
that I, how can I say, am not as
savvy as you are Well, yes Well, look Well, you're
defending a point of view that it turns out
you didn't capture like So Well, Andrey,
look as far as I know the information I
told you  here Andrey you
know much more than
I do there are people There are people for example Damn I don't
know I really like Evgeniy who is
like the power is in Truth I don't know Did you communicate with him
no you should have written
something on telegram I left him didn't
write back
he really wrote to me  interesting  here will be your
dialogue here I wonder and about the story you
talked with some Well such a skinny
guy there
was you there challenge not challenge don't remember I don't
remember damn there damn you talked about the story
let's do it like this in the end there
were two 2 hours Let's ask one question
Let me answer one question and we'll
go our separate ways. Let's.
What else can you ask so that there's no
discussion? I don't have any questions. I
'm saying that you're much smarter and I'm not arguing. I'm
not burdening you with this. Well, we've
sorted it out. I'm talking about  then what I'm
interested in will be to see how you
will communicate with other people
let's bring me these
bloggers of yours to eat we will have them Well with Blin here
Dmitry is not a board
A let's go let's call bring I don't want to
call him I liked him I honestly
liked him  Liked
Let's run let's go O let's write to y
Telegram right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg Orcs in your ban and very  I do
n't show a lot of videos to people sometimes I don't
show information about streams so
that we can write operational links
right now and while there in
telegram we'll find videos that are also interesting and
useful information and we'll oblige you with constant
operational links
regardless of whether we'll show you  process
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
write ah